Week3/README.md, before:

# README Document for CMEECourseWork Week3
## Author: Eva Linehan - _el1718@imperial.ac.uk_
## Date: _Oct - 2018_

### Description: 
This folder contains CMEE coursework from Week 3 arranged in the 'Data', 'Code' and 'Sandbox' folders. The 'Data' folder comprises of data files used in practical exercises and assessments during the week. 'Code' contains code used to execute commands as part of in-class examples and weekly assessments. The 'Sandbox'folder is primarily for storing output files from practical examples.

This week's coursework comprises of the following chapters of the "Multilingual Quantitative Biologist!" notebook;
Chapter 7: Biological Computing in R
Chapter 9: Data management, exploration, and visualization

### Tree map
```
.
├── Code
│   ├── apply1.R : Example script to demonstrate apply function. '
│   ├── apply2.R : Testing apply function using a built function '
│   ├── basic_io.R : A simple script to illustrate R input - output. '
│   ├── boilerplate.R : A boilerplate R script  '
│   ├── break.R : Example script to demonstrate breaking out of loops. '
│   ├── browse.R : Exampe script to demonstrate debugging using browser() function. '
│   ├── control.R : Some code exemplifying control flow constructs in R '
│   ├── get_TreeHeight.R : his script calculates heights of trees from a given .csv file and outputs ' : This function calculates heights of trees given distance of each tree  '
│   ├── KeyWestResults.aux
│   ├── KeyWestResults.log
│   ├── KeyWestResults.pdf
│   ├── KeyWestResults.tex : Key West Annual Mean Temperature Results '
│   ├── Maps.R : Mapping practical '
│   ├── next.R : Example script to demonstrate skip iterations out of loops. '
│   ├── preallocate.R : b''
│   ├── sample.R : Example script to run a simulation that involves sampling from a population. '
│   ├── TAutoCorr.R : Autocorrelation in weather '
│   ├── TreeHeight.R : This function calculates heights of trees given distance of each tree  '
│   ├── try.R : Example script to run a simulation that involves sampling from a population. '
│   ├── Vectorize1.R : Vectorization example to compare the process time of vectors in comparison to loops. '
│   └── Vectorize2.R : Modifing stochastic Ricker model to increase run time. '
├── Data
│   ├── GPDDFiltered.RData
│   ├── KeyWestAnnualMeanTemperature.RData
│   ├── TAutoCorr_hist.pdf
│   └── trees.csv
└── Sandbox

3 directories, 25 files

```

Commit message:

Week 3 submission: Added Data visualization chapter

Week3/README.md, after:

# README Document for CMEECourseWork Week3
## Author: Eva Linehan - _el1718@ic.ac.uk_
## Date: _Oct - 2018_

### Description: 
This folder contains CMEE coursework from Week 3 arranged in the 'Data', 'Code' and 'Sandbox' folders. The 'Data' folder comprises of data files used in practical exercises and assessments during the week. 'Code' contains code used to execute commands as part of in-class examples and weekly assessments. The 'Sandbox'folder is primarily for storing output files from practical examples.

This week's coursework comprises of the following chapters of the "Multilingual Quantitative Biologist!" notebook;
Chapter 7: Biological Computing in R
Chapter 9: Data management, exploration, and visualization


### Tree map
```
.
├── Code
│   ├── apply1.R : Example script to demonstrate apply function. '
│   ├── apply2.R : Testing apply function using a built function '
│   ├── basic_io.R : A simple script to illustrate R input - output. '
│   ├── boilerplate.R : A boilerplate R script  '
│   ├── break.R : Example script to demonstrate breaking out of loops. '
│   ├── browse.R : Exampe script to demonstrate debugging using browser() function. '
│   ├── control.R : Some code exemplifying control flow constructs in R '
│   ├── DataWrang.R : Wrangling the Pound Hill Dataset '
│   ├── DataWrangTidy.R : Wrangling the Pound Hill Dataset using dplyr and tidyr '
│   ├── get_TreeHeight.R : Script to calculate height of trees from a given .csv file and output ' : This function calculates heights of trees given distance of each tree  '
│   ├── Girko.R : Script to plot Girko's Law simulation and save as pdf. "
│   ├── Inclass_plotting_exercise.R : In-class plotting exercises '
│   ├── KeyWestResults.tex : Key West Annual Mean Temperature Results '
│   ├── Maps.R : Mapping practical '
│   ├── MyBars.R : Annotating plots using geom text. '
│   ├── next.R : Example script to demonstrate skip iterations out of loops. '
│   ├── plotLin.R : Script to demonstrate mathematical annotation on an axis '
│   ├── PP_Lattice.R : Practical to create 3 lattice graphs by feeding interaction type '
│   ├── PP_Regress_loc.R : Script to generate plot of changes in predator mass with prey mass across different types of feeding interactions, seperated by location and grouped by predator lifestage. '
│   ├── PP_Regress.R : Script to generate plot of changes in predator mass with prey mass across different types of feeding interactions and grouped by predator lifestage.  '
│   ├── preallocate.R : b''
│   ├── sample.R : Example script to run a simulation that involves sampling from a population. '
│   ├── SQLinR.R : Script to demonstrate building, manipulating and accessing databases. '
│   ├── TAutoCorr.R : Autocorrelation in weather '
│   ├── Test.sqlite
│   ├── TreeHeight.R : This function calculates heights of trees given distance of each tree  '
│   ├── try.R : Example script to run a simulation that involves sampling from a population. '
│   ├── Vectorize1.R : Vectorization example to compare the process time of vectors in comparison to loops. '
│   └── Vectorize2.R : Modifing stochastic Ricker model to increase run time. '
├── Data
│   ├── EcolArchives-E089-51-D1.csv
│   ├── GPDDFiltered.RData
│   ├── KeyWestAnnualMeanTemperature.RData
│   ├── PoundHillData.csv
│   ├── PoundHillMetaData.csv
│   ├── PP_Results.csv
│   ├── Results.txt
│   ├── TAutoCorr_hist.pdf
│   └── trees.csv
├── README.md
└── Sandbox

3 directories, 39 files

```
